[TATSUYA]
Eye color, hair color...
...even her physique
appears totally different.
I see. This explains
how "Angie Sirius"
has been able to make fool
people all around the world.
[LINA gasps]
[gasps]
Just stop, Lina!
I have no interest
in being your enemy!
[TATSUYA]
An illusion?
What a pain.
[TATSUYA] First, her camouflage
was based on look,
but now it's location.
To break Parade, I can
destroy the illusion
and attack the main body
before a new one is formed,
or locate the main
body's coordinates
without relying on my senses.
[TATSUYA] Her Parade
reactivation time is fast.
I shouldn't move to Idea mode
while under physical attack,
it'd be too risky.
[gasps]
♪
Son of a‐‐
[TATSUYA]
Constant deceleration.
Self‐repair spell:
Auto‐starting.
[TATSUYA]
I can't show her my cards yet.
Kill self‐repair process.
[LINA gasps]
You're crazy, Tatsuya.
You know that?
I had to do that, so that I
can finally capture you.
You did all this
just to capture me?
If you wanted to woo me,
I'd really would've preferred
a more romantic approach.
[TATSUYA chuckles]
[LINA gasps]
[gasps] Activate now!
D‐Dancing Blades!
[TATSUYA]
Two heading for my right arm,
one for my right shoulder,
left arm, legs...
None of them aimed
at a vital area.
Corrosion... No‐‐Dismantling?!
[LINA gasps]
You'll regret this, Tatsuya!
[TATSUYA] I was close
to capturing my target,
but I let them escape.
I already regret this.
[LINA gasps]
[grunts, yells]
[LINA]
Somebody! Somebody, help me!
[LINA grunts]
[COP A]
Get your hands up!
Now, turn around!
[LINA yelps]
[COP A gasps]
[groans]
[TATSUYA] Time to drop
the charade, don't you think...
...Angie Sirius?
[exhales]
I apologize for my rudeness.
Major Angelina Sirius,
Stars magician unit commander.
And I operate under
a direct command of...
...USNA Army's Joint Chiefs.
Angie Sirius is the name
I use when transformed
as I was earlier, so please
continue to call me Lina.
Although, now that you've seen
my face and know my name,
the Stars has an
obligation to eliminate you.
If I still had my mask, there
would've been ways around this.
How unfortunate.
You were always very
considerate of me.
It's too bad it all
went to waste.
It's really a shame, Tatsuya.
You see...
...I'd started to become
pretty fond of you.
[LINA]
Goodbye.
[MIYUKI]
I won't let you do that!
Stop, Lina!
[COPS gasp]
[COP C]
My legs!
My, my... that was quite
a pickle you were in.
[LINA gasps]
[MIYUKI gasps]
Brother, are you all right?!
Yes I am, all thanks to you.
[sighs]
Alright, I've got a few
questions to ask you, Lina.
You're ganging up on me
three to one! That's not fair!
Okay, we'll make
it a fair fight.
It'll just be you and me.
If you win, you can consider
yourself off the hook for now.
In exchange, if I win,
you'll give me honest
answers to my questions.
How does that sound?
Fine, I'm in.
[MIYUKI]
Wait a minute!
Brother, please.
If it's alright with you,
I would like to be
the one to take her on.
But, Miyuki!
Why would you want‐‐
[MIYUKI]
Lina, I consider you a rival.
But still, the fact remains.
You attempted to take
my brother's life,
and I can never
forgive you for that.
Even if you were only
doing it for show.
For that sin,
I'm going to teach you a
lesson you won't soon forget.
But don't worry,
I'm not going to kill you.
Oh, yeah?
That's adorable Miyuki.
You actually think
you can beat me?
The one granted the
esteemed name... of Sirius?
Okay, fine.
Miyuki, You handle this.
Does that arrangement
work, Lina?
Thanks so much, Brother.
You won't regret it.
Don't worry. If I lose,
I'll tell you whatever
you want to know.
Too bad that's never
gonna happen.
[TATSUYA] I can imagine what
must be going through your head
at the moment.
That said, don't worry.
We'll keep the promise we made.
We're just going to
ask some questions.
Remember, the only way I'll
tell you is if you beat me.
Obviously. And we intend
to keep that promise, too.
Well, then Unworthy of
this honor as I may be,
I, Yakumo Kokonoe,
will now preside.
Victory will only be
determined when one person
willingly surrenders, or is
otherwise incapacitated.
Last and most importantly,
there will be no killing.
As it leaves a grudge.
Yes, understood.
I accept those terms.
I'll finish this before
it gets to that.
Then, shall we
commence the duel?
[TATSUYA] Master, I need
a moment, please.
[MIYUKI gasps]
Yes, Brother?
U‐Uh... Wh‐Wha‐‐?
[MIYUKI gasps]
[YAKUMO chuckles]
[LINA gasps]
But, Brother... why did you..?
It was shown to me in Yokohama.
It's not perfect, but that's
how I remember it.
It returns your control,
although the effect
is only temporary.
Now fight to your
heart's content.
I will!
Okay, Master.
Sorry for the delay.
The same goes for you, Lina.
[LINA]
U‐Uh...
[TATSUYA]
You okay?
I can give you a few minutes
if you're not feeling well.
Don't be ridiculous. I'm fine!
[YAKUMO]
Ahem...
Then, once again...
[LINA]
I'll end this with one attack!
...begin!
[LINA gasps]
[gasps]
[LINA grunts]
I suppose it'll have to
take more than that, huh?
[LINA gasps]
[LINA]
Okay, now it's my turn!
[MIYUKI] Looks like provoking
her was a good idea.
[MIYUKI]
Deceleration... Zone!
[LINA yelps]
[LINA]
This magic is...?!
[MIYUKI] She saw through it!
Well, then...
[LINA grunts]
Molecular Divider!
Dancing Blades... activate!
[MIYUKI]
That was close.
If Brother hadn't returned
control of my magic to me,
I would've lost right there.
I know Brother
is watching me.
That's why...
[grunts]
[LINA] I can't believe she
shut down that attack!
He must have told her
how to protect herself
from Dancing Blades then!
He wouldn't interfere,
but he obviously advised her.
That's fine by me!
Then I'll...
[MIYUKI]
There's no way I can lose here!
[LINA] ...crush her with
everything I have!
‐‐[MIYUKI] Alright now, Lina!
‐‐[LINA] Miyuki!
[MIYUKI, LINA]
This is it!
[LINA]
Muspelheim!
[MIYUKI]
Niflheim!
[MONKS gasp]
[grunts, shouts]
[grunts]
Alright both of you,
that's enough!
[LINA, MIYUKI gasp]
Brother, no! What have
you done?! Why now?!
[LINA gasps]
[MIYUKI gasps]
[YAKUMO] Come now, come now.
Tatsuya, dear boy.
You're the one who
suggested this duel,
so why would you go and
break it up like that?
If I hadn't stepped
in when I did,
The hard "no killing" rule
definitely would have
been broken by now.
I'll go ahead and take the loss.
[MIYUKI grunts]
[LINA]
At the rate we were going,
you would have ended
up winning, anyway.
As I promised, I'll answer
anything you ask me.
However...
What do you mean, "however"?
[LINA]
My answers will be yes or no.
If I can't answer a question
that way, then I won't.
[MIYUKI gasps]
You changed the terms by
spoiling our match,
so I hope you don't
mind me changing
a small condition
as well, Ta‐tsu‐ya!
[footsteps]
[SILVIA]
Lina!
Come on, will you
wake up already?!
[LINA groans]
[LINA whimpers]
A‐Ah! I'm totally done for!
I don't think I can keep
this going anymore!
I'm turning in the
Sirius code name.
Why are you freaking out?
You've been executing your duty
as a member of
Sirius wonderfully.
[incomprehensible]
[chuckles nervously]
How are you feeling now?
You good?
Uh‐huh.
Sorry about that, Silvie.
Don't worry, it's all right.
Everyone needs to
vent sometimes,
if they don't they'll
just explode.
By the way, Silvie, have we
heard anything from HQ?
[SILVIA] We don't have any
instructions from them yet,
but I would like to brief
you on several reports.
First, regarding the
four wounded last night.
One was disabled and will
probably be relieved of duty.
Based on that, they'll have
to be replaced,
but the Stars can't afford to
dispatch any more personnel
to Japan. It's too risky.
I see.
Apparently, the General
Staff Office wants to send
Stardust reinforcements.
Are they gonna send us
more chasers, then?
No, soldiers.
[sighs] Stardust has a
lot of muscle behind it.
Even with their power,
it might not be enough to
deal with this situation,
But we have no choice.
As for the inquiry into
the Strategic‐Class magician
who caused Scorched Halloween,
the other team hasn't gotten
any noteworthy results yet.
The other team...
That's Mia's group, right?
Come to think of it,
I haven't had the chance
to see Mia recently.
Oh right, you haven't heard
that she'll be going to
First High tomorrow for work.
She'll be bringing in a
provision of CAD adjustment
instruments with her, too.
Huh? That's my high school!
[laughs]
[SILVIA] She's got nothing
scheduled for her afternoon,
so why not go meet
her for lunch?
‐‐[classical music plays]
‐‐[GUESTS chatter]
[RAYMOND]
Tia!
[SHIZUKU]
Huh?
[gasps]
[SHIZUKU]
Hello, Ray.
That dress is
absolutely stunning!
You look even more
charming than usual.
Really?
You look charming as well.
I'm honored to receive
a complement from you.
But, uh, Tia.
About what you asked
me for earlier...
[SHIZUKU grunts]
[RAY] First, the rumors
of a "Parasite" appearing
turned out to be true.
The cause is yet unknown,
but I did find some information
that seems to be related.
Tell me, please.
Of course.
This is under a high‐level
information freeze,
but last November, in Dallas,
they did an experiment based
on extradimensional theory
to generate and evaporate
micro black holes.
You'll have to explain
what that means.
[RAY] Sorry, but even I don't
understand how it works.
That's fine. Continue.
I'm not sure on the details
of the experiment,
but the Parasites'
appearance was observed
right after they wrapped it up.
So you think the experiment
and the Parasites' appearance
are causally related.
Do I understand that right?
[RAY]
Mm.
I'm certain the black
hole experiment
was, in fact, the catalyst that
triggered the Parasites.
[ERIKA] It's unusual for Tatsuya
to summon us on our day off,
so this must be important.
I guess so.
[knocking]
[door clatters]
You two?
[MIKIHIKO] It's Saegusa...
and Jumonji!
Yoshida and Chiba?
Did Shiba call you
both here too?
Uh, yes, he did.
Ah, good. It looks
like we're all here.
[MAYUMI] Tatsuya, why did
you ask us all to come
for a formal meeting
on a Sunday?
I wanted to tell
you something about
capturing the Parasite
we've been chasing.
And, trust me,
you want to know this.
[MAYUMI, ERIKA, MIHIKO gasp]
[KATSUTO]
Let's hear it.
Last night, I fired off a
synthetic molecule device
into the Parasite that transmits
a specific pattern of radio wave
every three hours.
The transmitter will last
for three days at most.
Its radio wave
output is weak,
but the roadside cameras'
surveillance antennae
that find and control illegal
radio waves... can receive it.
Wait a second, Tatsuya.
Last night? Where?
Not to mention,
how'd you find them?
These have the exact radio
wave frequency and pattern
recorded on them.
So you want us to use this to
find where the Parasite is?
Why bother giving these to us?
[TATSUYA] About the identity of
the Parasite we're chasing.
It's apparently a magician on
the run from the USNA Army.
[MAYUMI, ERIKA gasp]
[TATSUYA]
And they're not the only one.
We know there to be at
least two deserters,
and, in fact, there could
even be as many as ten.
Ten people actually dared
to leave the Stars?
[TATSUYA]
No, Erika.
I never said they were with
them in the first place.
[ERIKA, MIKIHIKO gasp]
Is this true?
[KATSUTO] The Stars, are a unit
of rare, exceptional magicians.
Who were handpicked from the
rest of the USNA Army Corps.
But I was under the oppression
that military magicians
were under highly strict
control in every country.
Has USNA's military discipline
become more laxed?
Actually, it's likely
the opposite.
[MIKIHIKO]
What do you mean?
It would mean the
Parasites' influence
outweighed the military's.
A Parasite is able to
change a human, correct?
If that change is mental,
as well as physical,
it wouldn't be that odd for a
host's belief system to change.
Yeah, that's true. Good point.
Okay, so why did the
Parasites leave the Army then?
[TATSUYA] We won't know
that until we catch
and question them.
[MIKIHIKO grunts]
[ERIKA]
Alright...
What do you want from us?
[TATSUYA] I have no specific
directives for you.
[MAYUMI, ERICA]
Huh?
These monsters injured
a good friend of mine,
so I'm going after them.
At the same time,
I'm not really obsessed
with personally making
them regret their actions.
If the Clans Council
takes responsibility for
dealing with it,
I won't complain.
Of course, I don't mind
if the Chiba family
hunts them on
their own either.
I apologize for making
you come all this way.
Things being as they are,
I figured giving these
to you directly was best.
I understand, it's fine.
Well done, Shiba.
[TATSUYA]
Goodbye, for now.
[ERIKA, MIKIHIKO gasp]
[ERIKA, MIKIHIKO sigh]
[MIYUKI] Brother, are you okay?
Is something bothering you?
I'm fine.
[MIYUKI]
It's about Lina, isn't it.
You got me.
Guess I can't hide
anything from you, can I?
She was suspicious
from the very beginning.
I could tell she was
plotting something.
But I decided to let her go,
because my own life was
already complex enough
and I didn't want to
make any more waves.
And as a result,
I was slow to react.
I mean, I get it.
Even if I had taken
action right away,
I couldn't guarantee
proactive damage control.
But...
...when I'm confronted by the
fact that my friend got hurt,
I can't help but get distracted
by thinking about what's happen.
[MIYUKI] Brother...
you've become very kind.
Miyuki? Where's is
this coming from?
[MIYUKI giggles]
Oh, don't get me wrong,
you've always been
a nice person.
You just never really
let anyone see it.
[MIYUKI giggles]
Sorry. Would you mind
clarifying that?
What I'm saying is,
the Parasites harmed
your friend Saijo,
and there's no way you
can let that go now.
Not only that, you didn't
want to get rough with Lina.
Because she's your friend,
even if that's problematic.
And that... makes me
really happy.
You can feel concern
and compassion
for other people
besides just me.
I know it may seem your
emotions are lacking,
but they're actually far more
human than you think they are.
[MIYUKI chuckles]
[TATSUYA gasps]
[MIYUKI gasps]
[MIYUKI]
Sweet Brother.
You're hiding your
embarrassment, aren't you?
[giggles]
♪